Naomi’s Intro:
Hi, I’m Naomi!  I’m from the sunny island of Cyprus. I am majoring in ‘Health and Environment’ and minoring in ‘Cultures’. My interests lie in studying the human brain, health from a biological perspective and communicating ideas through documentary filmmaking. In my free time I like to create portraits using oil paints. 
Context: 3
Analysis: 2
Visualisation: 5 

Li-Jian’s intro: 
Hi! I’m Li-Jian and I’m from Malaysia. I am a second year Geography student and am very interested in sustainable development, where I want to learn more about how an extractive economy and sustainability can co-exist. In my free time, I love to play tennis, binge-watch BoJack Horseman on Netflix, and go on walks at parks! 
Context: 5
Analysis: 4
Visualisation: 1


Laudomia’s intro:
Hey everyone! I’m Laudomia, and I’m a second year Arts and Sciences student majoring in Economics and minoring in Philosophy. I was born in Rome, Italy,  and raised in Germany where I attended the French lycée. Through my upbringing, I became particularly interested in European Economics and policy-making.
In my free time, I love to wander around in museums and to discover emerging contemporary artists.
Context: 5
Analysis: 4
Visualisation: 3

Terence’s intro:
Hi! My name is Terence and I am from Macau. I am currently a 2nd year BASc student majoring in societies. I am interested in property, finance, and human geography. I am interested in horology and fencing, as well as cooking and mixology, but most of all I am interested in learning about something new and exciting about you! 
Context: 4
Analysis: 4
Visualisation: 2

Greta’s intro:
Hi there! My name is Greta, and I am a second-year Arts and Sciences student on the Societies pathway. My main academic interests are Law and Economics, with this year focused on Contract Law. In my free time I like to be involved in student organisations such as the UCL German Society and the Future: Hungary Conference, spend time with friends and discover London as much as possible considering the current restrictions. My main personality traits include but aren’t limited to: being addicted to coffee, being a fan of musicals and being annoyingly argumentative.
context: 6 
analysis: 2 
vis: 2
